>> Richard Feldman: This is a sort of
a more concrete example of this obviously.
Using it as a custom type we
can say type article extraInfo.
Usually, I'll call this
extraInfo because it's some extra
info that goes with the article.
And it says article
which has some record about the metadata
that we know is always there.
So, the title, the tags, and then in
the real version, there are several other
fields in there and then we have extra
info which is the second piece info that
goes with this variant and
we don't know what its type is.
So, in the case of a preview, it's gonna
be one thing and in the case of a body,
it's gonna be something else.
So here are the types that I've
defined for Preview and Full.
So Preview says type Preview = Preview and
essentially means there is no other info,
there is no extra info,
the extra info that is here is just empty.
And then we have type Full,
which has one variant which holds
onto the body of the article.
So the way this works out in practice is
we have for example, a decoder of article
preview, which will decode into one
of these that has the metadata, and
then just this empty preview thing for
extra info.
Which is to say no other
interesting information, but
because I've named it preview,
this is more descriptive now.
It says that I'm decoding
a article that's a preview version
that doesn't have the full amount of info.
And the other one I have
Decoder (Article Full),
which both tells me that I have a full
article, including the body, and
also let's me extract that
once I have one of these.
So if I were to pattern match on this,
and I have a preview, there would
be no interesting stuff in here.
The pattern would match on Preview,
and I would say,
yeah, well there's no body inside
a preview, so can't do anything else.
But if I'm pattern matching on one of
these that is full, then I can say, I see
I have a body inside there, I can get
that, I can work with it, I can render it.
So on the page that renders the entire
article, we have a full which means we
have the body and
on the feed we only have the preview.
>> Richard Feldman: We can still access,
we can write functions that let
people access these things.
So I can say title which
takes an article a and
returns a string, which is to say any
article whether it's a preview article, or
a full article,
I always have access to the title.
So this is a function that can
be used in either context,
it can be used on the feed, or it can be
used on the view article page itself.
And then I can also do
the same thing with body.
But in the case of body,
I can only write this with this type.
I can only say I will give you a body
if you provide me with an article but
it has to be a full article.
I cannot give you a body if you
give me an article preview.
And also, I can't give you a body if give
me an article A with an unbound type
because I don't necessarily know
if I have a body to give you.
Only if you give me a full article
can I definitely give you a body.